You are the ocean
If this yard
There is no one else named the ocean
That was me!
Ocean, you finally figured it out
Look at these trash bullying me
You teach me a lesson
Teach me a lesson
But you came out just in time
As long as you kneel down and kowtow to me now
Get out of this yard
Then I can spare him.
Kneel down for you
You want to die for free?
Ocean, how dare you
Ruthlessness should have been committed as follows
Say something useful
Point out the behind-the-scenes
Then get out of this yard
I can spare you.
Spare my life.
Something to talk about
I won't teach you a lesson today
You don't know what rules are
You rubbish
I'll give you three moves first
Lest you be told by your fellow disciples that I bully you
Why do people who are courting death in this world prove
Courting death is my right to life
The boss was shot away
What kind of monster is he?
This is not a broken bone essence
I don't even know what realm I am
Just be a gunman
You are so stupid
Han Yang, you have broken through the bone strength
To the Royal Mother Sword who was just 18 years old
Tell me who sent you
You are the destruction
i
It's just because you take up a lot of money
What a stupid and loyal dog
I hope your bones are as hard as your mouth
Ah you
You are from the same sea
Longmen won't let you go
Give you a chance you are useless
Then die.
What do you want?
Stop him now
Ahhh
Lying and lying
But I don't want to hear it anymore
Yeah, OK.